# Browserify with Budo & Browserify CSS
So going one step on from my intro template ([browserify-budo](https://github.com/peterbarraud/rapo-browserify-budo)), let's use [browserify-css](https://github.com/cheton/browserify-css) to include external CSS libs

## What's in this repo (now not rapo)
Besides browserify and budo, we're going to include the browserify-css tranform that'll allow us to include external libraries with a super convenient `require` statements in the entry js file (index.js).

### index.js
This will be used by `budo` and `browserify` to start up things.

*Look at the `start` script in the `package.json`*

### index.html
Has references to `index.css` and `index.js`.

### index.css
This is generated by the browserify-css `--output` flag that uses the index.js to find out the included CSSes
- `/src/styles/main.css`
- and external libs that you include. Now, the examples that I've tried out (see them commented out in the index.js) all need just a simple `require` statement in the index.js (entry file) to inject them into the style tag of your index.html - **that's it**.

**NOTE**: I've not included external libs here by default. That way the npm i (to get started here), will not get libs that you don't want.

So, if you want to get some external libs, you're going to have to include them in the index.js and then go to the `script` tag and set the browserify-css flag from `-t` to `-g` (*global*)

## Get going
1. Clone this repo
2. `cd` into the resultant dir
3. Run `npm install` to get the dependencies
4. Run `npm start` to launch the project in your default browser running on a local (`Node`-based) web server with `livereload` - all setup.

That's it.

## Building the project for deployment
Well, this may be a rapo but we might still want to push this onto a prod environment. A apache server or something of the sort.

To generate a prod output, I've also created a `build.js` file that run using:
```
npm run build
```
This creates a build dir that includes all you need to push to prod.